doc: add experimental modules lifetime policy (#62753)
nodejs/node: doc/api/documentation.md

>
> Experimental features leave the experimental status typically either by
> graduating to stable, or are removed without a deprecation cycle.
>
> Collaborators who introduce experimental modules are expected to take
> ownership and drive each experiment in a timely manner to a clear outcome:
> either promotion to stable or removal.
>

> > If an experimental feature has reached mainstream adoption such that breaking

Reviewer: I don't think saying it should be promoted to stable is correct. Historically there are a lot of features (async_hooks above all) that saw large adoption but never reached maturity and deserve to be removed. I think it would be more useful to provide some guidance on when we have an experimental feature that has large usage but it's not mature or proven to be good enough to keep. Not just because something is used a lot, it can be considered stable

Author: @marco-ippolito I saw @aduh95 proposal before yours. Sorry. I used his wording: is the current form fine to you?

> changes are not realistically possible without ecosystem breakage, it should

> > be considered stable and promoted as soon as possible.

Reviewer 2: For features that have no active maintainers left, bugs won't be solved, so let's suggest removal as a valid exit strategy
```suggestion
> be considered stable and either be promoted to stable or be removed after a deprecation cycle.
```

EDIT: didn't see Marco's comment before posting, to clarify we're aligned

> > be considered stable and either be promoted or be removed after a deprecation cycle.

Reviewer 3: This is collaborator guidance and doesn't belong in the [public API documentation](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest/api/documentation.html).

Author: Good catch. I collapsed everything in a single file. How about now?
